Add documentation for the math syntax (#456)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/math/index.md

# Inbuilt math

> Since Calliope version 0.7, The math used to build optimisation problems is stored in YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Calliope version 0.7, the math used to build optimisation problems is stored in YAML files.
```

> The inbuilt math is a re-implementation of the former math formulation in this YAML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inbuilt math is a re-implementation of the formerly hardcoded math formulation in this YAML format.
```

The base math is _always_ applied to your model when you `build` the optimisation problem.
In addition, there are other math formulation files built in which you can load into your model.
For instance, the [inter-cluster storage][inter-cluster-storage-math] math allows you to track storage levels in technologies more accurately when you are using timeseries clustering in your model.

To load one of the built-in math files, you can reference it by name (_without_ the file extension) in your model configuration:

```yaml
config:
  init:
    custom_math: [storage_inter_cluster]
```

When solving the model in a run mode other than `plan`, some built-in custom math will be applied automatically from a file of the same name (e.g., `spores` mode custom math is stored in [math/spores.yaml](https://github.com/calliope-project/calliope/blob/main/calliope/math/spores.yaml)).

!!! note

    Custom math is applied in the order it appears in the `#!yaml config.init.custom_math` list.
    By default, any run mode custom math will be applied as the final step.

>     If you want to apply your own custom math *after* the run mode custom math, you should add it explicitly to the `#!yaml config.init.custom_math` list, e.g., `#!yaml config.init.custom_math: [operate, my_custom_math.yaml]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to apply your own custom math *after* the run mode custom math, you should add the name of the run mode explicitly to the `#!yaml config.init.custom_math` list, e.g., `#!yaml config.init.custom_math: [operate, my_custom_math.yaml]`.
```
